"Could Garfield's cum be used as an alternative fuel if you consider my asshole a vehicle?" I think everyone of us has thought about this at some point in their life, especially since one brave soul decided to openly present this fantastic theory to the scientific community as well as the whole world. Sadly, not everyone considered our society to be ready for such a great technological leap into the future, and declared it a foolish dream. I am convinced that these sceptics are all pawns used by the oil industry to distract us from this great opportunity to leave fossil fuels behind and receive the energy to power all of our world from the produce of one obese feline. Of course, we can't compare a cum-fueled asshole to a bus, for example, or a car, since those vehicles can transport more than one person at a time. Instead, it is more reasonable to compare it to a motorcycle, because they are usually operated by one person. And considering the raw power of Garfield's cum, one person could easily take a piggy back ride on the shoulders of a cum-powered person. But we are getting ahead of ourselves. An average motorcycle uses 60 MPG or about 25 km/l. Garfield's cum on the other hand could power one asshole for a whole day, maybe more, depending on the craving for cum of the owner of the asshole. If we assume that one load of Garfield's delicious cum contains about 10 ml or 0.3 oz, and an average person travels 5 km or about 3 mi, that means that one litre of feline cum would last for at least 500 km or 300 mi. You see, the math checks out, Garfield's cum is more effective than any fuel we know of. This means one thing: start hoarding. We as humanity must see it as our duty to stroke that wonderful cock all day, and not to waste a single drop of this precious life fuel. So follow me, my fellows, join in on our noble quest to keep the cat boner alive, to fondle the orange scrotum, to massage the holy prostate and keep Garfield in an endless orgasm. If anything is our duty, this is.